Care to explain what happened you were supposed to bring her to my room for the ritual
I tried but the moment I reached the cabin door my wand lost its power. You're telling me that you're wand a
Wizard King's wand just suddenly stopped working. I swear I was defenseless and
There were some kind of being in there. I think it was a demon
Are you telling me the truth? You haven't fallen for that pathetic girl. Have you? Yes
Officer, I have some news about the murder case
And now that I think of it
During the wedding the brides mother did go missing for about two hours
I guess they don't teach knocking at the police academy good to know get out of my house
We're looking for your mother. We're here to come with us
Going on in here. We're looking for Maggie. You're looking right at her
Wait, why are you doing this baby and let them do their work?
So you only got close to me so that you could take my mother away look
Right now you're fairly being targeted until we find the killer jail is the safest place for your mother, okay?
I'm sorry. I slapped you
It's fine. I would have been pissed too. I thought I put my trust in the wrong person
See you finally trust me
Took you long enough. You're right. They're a threat to our plan. We'll do it your way. Let them die together